YouTube Video URL: https://youtu.be/WA4N_3Fdk2A?si=w1iAfHNFMNNlJtis

Title: YouTube Video
Duration: Unknown
Language: en
Word Count: 508
Method: gemini_raw_api_analysis

--- TRANSCRIPTION ---
Hi everyone, I'm Alice. I'm going to show you just how easy it is to connect your Brex account to Puzzle, where you'll get real-time accounting and startup metrics. When you sign up for Puzzle, you'll receive the option at onboarding to connect your Brex account right away, or you can choose to do it later. Or maybe if you forgot, that's okay, just log back into Puzzle, go into your dashboard and click on integrations. You'll see the option here to connect your Brex account again. Go ahead and log into Brex and you'll get to this screen. Click 'allow access', and this will bring you back to Puzzle, where you will choose your import date for the transactions. Let's go with what they have here. Click 'start importing'. What this does is this brings over every single Brex transaction in your operating account and in your Brex credit card over to Puzzle. We do this via direct API and it's really magical and it's going to save you so much time. Let me show you how. Over in the transactions tab, where you can filter by date, I want to show you all of the Brex data that has been brought over. You can see all these Brex transactions. If we click on one, you can now see that the vendor has been brought over, the transaction date, you'll see the institution, the source account and, best of all, Puzzlebot will auto-categorize 99% of all the Brex credit card data. So you don't actually have to go in and figure out what the transaction was for, or figure out what the accounting category was for, either. If you have a question about the transaction, you can either request a category review, get more documentation or request context from someone else on your team. Wait, that's not all. When you scroll down through transactions and you see this symbol, it means that there's an attached receipt that has been synced over from Brex. Let's take a look. When you open the transaction and you scroll down, you'll see the receipt right in here from this Brex integration. So you don't have to go chasing for supporting documents anymore or spend time switching between two systems to get the full context. Another great thing about our Brex API is when it comes to month-end close. Maybe you do it or your bookkeeper does it. What we actually do is we have automated pre-validation reconciliation checks that make your bank reconciliations run 20% faster. So that's how easy it is to connect Brex. Another great thing about this Brex API because all of your transactions are brought over to Puzzle in real time, you'll be able to see startup metrics like today's cash and net burn in multiple different ways, and also your runway, in addition to all the financial statements that you need for investor reporting, fundraising or even taxes. All of this is in real time. If you want to learn more about this, just visit puzzle.io.